if you're a small business owner
interested in purchasing a building for
your business you need to know about
this it's possibly the biggest myth in
sba lending and i don't know where it
came from but today i'm gonna clear it
up once and for all hey i'm ray drew an
actual sba lender and in this video i'm
going to explain how you can buy a
building for your small business with no
money down
[Music]
okay i'm just gonna come out of the gate
and say it but there is no catch here
this is not clickbait i know it sounds
too good to be true but i close these
loans for a living and in this video i
will show you exactly what the sba rules
say and why this 100 financing program
is allowed under the sba 7a loan program
and by the way just because it's allowed
doesn't mean every bank's going to offer
it but i know a couple dozen who do
including myself and that number is
growing as more and more sba lenders
catch on now keep in mind you still have
to qualify for it so stick around to the
end because i'm going to also tell you
the main factor needed for qualifying
for this type of financing let's start
from the beginning
if you're tired of leasing and you're
finally ready to move your business into
your own building which by the way is a
great idea think about it start making
yourself rich instead of your landlord
by building equity you don't have to
deal with the uncertainty of renewing
your lease every five years and when
you're done building your business and
you go to sell it to retire and sail off
into the sunset you can keep the
building and then you become the
landlord and you're creating a passive
stream of income for yourself
it's truly the ultimate investment for
any small business owner so when you go
to get pre-approved option one you have
conventional bank financing twenty
percent down plus closing costs then you
have sba options there's two the 504 is
often used and that requires a 10 down
payment and then you have the 7a which
most banks will tell you requires a 10
down payment but they would be wrong
that's their requirement not the sba's
requirement i'm going to put up the
section of the sba's sop that discusses
equity requirements for existing
businesses
as you can see the sba requires us to
assess the businesses equity position
and determine if an equity injection is
needed and if so how much
no mention of a 10
standard equity injection requirement
they are literally pulling that out of
thin air and that's good news for small
businesses especially those rapidly
growing ones because if you have a small
business you know cash is king and
choosing where to put your precious
capital is a critical choice that small
business owners need to make daily do i
put this money into a down payment for a
building or do i use it to fuel growth
well the sba 7a loan is the solution to
that problem now you don't have to
choose in fact the 7a even allows you to
include expansion capital into the real
estate loan so you can finance things
like equipment inventory and working
capital into this all-in-one financing
solution the key to making this work
lies on your balance sheet you know that
statement you study every morning at
breakfast i'm just kidding the reality
is that most small business owners don't
really pay a whole lot of attention to
their balance sheet they look at the
bank account and maybe the p l every
once in a while but don't sleep on that
balance sheet i'm telling you look if
you've been in business for many years
and you don't have much debt in the
business and you don't drain every
dollar from the business then you're
doing the things that are gonna ensure a
healthy balance sheet and you'll have a
high likelihood of qualifying for this
program now on the other hand if you're
overly leveraged have a relatively new
business and treat the business like a
piggy bank chances are your balance
sheet is weak and a lender should
require an equity injection in those
cases it all comes down to prudent
common sense lending which
isn't so common these days
so there you have it if you found that
video helpful and you want more insider
tips from an actual sva lender i would
invite you to click that subscribe
button because i've got plenty more
where that came from